README.md, before:

# A simple(ish) wordle helper

## It currently has 2 modes

### mode 1: simple cli arguments

In simple cli mode you provide it with anywhere from 1 to 3 arguments when calling the program.

Argument 1: Type phrase, use _ in the place of any unknown characters before the search term  
Argument 2: In the second argument type any characters you know are in the word, but not the position  
Use _ to put the characters in the place you know they are not in  
Argument 3: Type in any characters you know aren't in the word  
Make sure the characters are all lowercase  

You can get that same syntax by using `--help` or `-h` in the first argument.

#### example usage:

```
wordle-helper _rate t_e_r hiowbuc
```

#### output:
```
frate
drate
prate
grate
```

### mode 2: raw cli (work in progress)

If you run it without any arguments then it'll run in cli mode by default (still working on it, and currently does not work).  

The advantage of cli mode is that its much faster (though argument mode is pretty fast anyway), and I have plans to automatically keep the last input the user typed in the input to make it easier to use.

I realize this mode will be largely unused, however I plan to use a similar interface in other projects, so I wanted to go ahead and play with it a bit.

## Sorting

In both modes the output is sorted based on the popularity of the word, this makes picking the right word a lot easier.

## Word size

At the moment it only supports a 5 letter word dictionary, however the repo I'm using to build the dictionary has plenty of words in it, so I may add the ability to rebuild the local dictionary with different word sizes, but I did not build this app with dynamic word sizes in mind, so this might be one of the last features I add.

## Building

Go is extremely easy to use, all you have to do is insure go is installed (and git if you clone the repo), then simply run `go build wordle-helper.go` inside the downloaded repo.  
Here's how you'd do it in linux as an example (It should also work in windows the same way, but keep in mind I did not make this with windows in mind):  
```
git clone https://github.com/KCkingcollin/wordle-helper
cd wordle-helper
go build wordle-helper.go
```

Once I finish up the raw cli mode I'll most likely create a release with a linux binary, and a windows exe if it doesn't give me any trouble.

Commit message:

Decided to add the ability to change the size of the word early since it turned out to be easier than I thought

README.md, after:

# A simple(ish) wordle helper

## It currently has 2 modes

### mode 1: simple cli arguments

In simple cli mode you provide it with anywhere from 1 to 3 arguments when calling the program.

Argument 1: Known letter locations, use _ in the place of any unknown characters before the search term  
Argument 2: Characters known to be in the word, but not the position, use _ to put them in the place that know they aren't in  
Argument 3: Characters you know aren't in the word  
Sending a number as an argument sets the size of the word  

You can get the argument syntax by using `--help` or `-h` in the first argument.

#### example usage:

```
wordle-helper _rate t_e_r hiowbuc
```

#### output:
```
frate
drate
prate
grate
```

### mode 2: raw cli (work in progress)

If you run it without any arguments then it'll run in cli mode by default (still working on it, and currently does not work).  

The advantage of cli mode is that its much faster (though argument mode is pretty fast anyway), and I have plans to automatically keep the last input the user typed in the input to make it easier to use.

I realize this mode will be largely unused, however I plan to use a similar interface in other projects, so I wanted to go ahead and play with it a bit.

## Sorting

In both modes the output is sorted based on the popularity of the word, this makes picking the right word a lot easier.

## Building

Go is extremely easy to use, all you have to do is insure go is installed (and git if you clone the repo), then simply run `go build wordle-helper.go` inside the downloaded repo.  
Here's how you'd do it in linux as an example (It should also work in windows the same way, but keep in mind I did not make this with windows in mind):  
```
git clone https://github.com/KCkingcollin/wordle-helper
cd wordle-helper
go build wordle-helper.go
```

Once I finish up the raw cli mode I'll most likely create a release with a linux binary, and a windows exe if it doesn't give me any trouble.
